= string_parse_erb

Say you design a CMS, and you want the ability to replace some place-holders inside an item-content with some external values.
Of course you can do it using regular expressions and freinds.
But why not use the powerful ERB engine instead ?
Implenting ERB fragments inside your content can open up wide array of possibilities, since all of the sudden
you can use the power of ruby inside you content - not just variables-replacement but also conditionals, loops and so on...
The downside of this is security...

1.You wouldn't want to process an item-content with something like:

  "The time now is <%= time %>. Say bye bye... <% system('shutdown -r now') %>"

2.You would like to limit the 'binding' object passed to ERB, so it includes only the variables you wish to expose.


== Contributing to string_parse_erb

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Nadav Blum. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

